Add a title prefix support (#20)
knl/niv-updater-action: README.adoc

            Dependencies should be up to date.
          message_suffix:
            Notify @myorg/myteam.

>           # Have a prefix to the commit title itself, for supporting conventional commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Have a prefix to the commit title itself, for example, to support conventional commits.
```
